modify uniformgrid filters (#2432)
pyvista/pyvista: doc/api/core/misc.rst

Miscellaneous
=============

> This micellaneous methods are used to support imaging or data sampling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These miscellaneous methods are used to support imaging or data sampling.
```
